Unignore and fix failing tests (#134)
vaticle/typedb-examples: catalogue_of_life/README.md

1. Checkout this repository: `git clone https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples && cd typedb-examples`
2. Start the [TypeDB Server](http://docs.vaticle.com/docs/running-typedb/install-and-run#start-the-typedb-server).
3. Fetch the data and load it into TypeDB: `bazel run //catalogue_of_life:loader`

> 4. Start the console client and explore the data: `typedb console --server=localhost:1729`

Reviewer: Unrelated to the PR, but let's add some detail here for full correctness:
```suggestion
4. Start TypeDB Console and explore the data. If TypeDB was installed via a package manager, the command is `typedb console --server=localhost:1729`; otherwise, see the docs on [running TypeDB Console.](https://docs.vaticle.com/docs/console/console)
```
